[KENZI] Bo!
You slept in. How "me" of you.
Kenzi, you're here.
Interesting non sequitur.
Yeah. I thought that you
were sleeping over at Nate's.
Well, l have been dismissed while
he surprises me with breakfast.
But I peeked and it's totally pancakes.
Of the chocolate chip variety.
--Oh, yum!
--Mhm.
Plus, a morning without my
favourite succubus would be like
waking up to a virgin mimosa.
Yeah, same here.
Somebody was tossing
and turning all night long?
You get any REMs, sweets?
| just got a lot on my mind.
[gasping]
| see what's happening here.
--You do?
--Yeah.
You are losing sleep
over that Dark Fae-dar.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I guess.
Look, you being you,
you have certain needs.
And I don't expect you
to holster your honey pot--
Oh, gee, thanks.
But Ryan totally screwed with Nate.
Yeah. I get it. And that was wrong.
You eighty-sixed him,
so let's just forget about it.
Yeah, yeah.
Why don't you just go enjoy
your flapjacks, short stack, huh?
You want to join us?
And third-wheel all over
your sexy breakfast? No way.
That is why I love you.
--|'m stealing the maple syrup.
--Okay, love you, too.
[laughing]
God, this is crazy. That was so close.
No, that was hilarious.
No, she is my best friend.
I can't keep hiding you in the bathtub.
What's next, my teeny, tiny closet?
No, that's a good point.
We haven't done it in your closet yet.
This is all fun and
games to you, isn't it?
I mean, I don't think I can keep it up.
Don't worry about it. That's my job.
Do you have anything serious
to contribute, seriously?
Yeah. Just one sec.
Bubbly?
Before we continue
with today's reading,
I would like to ask Beverly Garner
to come up here please.
This young lady, whose previous papers
have been anything but impressive,
has risen to the occasion to write a
dissertation on Romeo and Juliet that
I hope will be published one day in our
most illustrious academic journals.
I'd like her to read it now.
Beveﬂy?
I awoke the other night thinking
of all the other students
that have come before us and were asked
to write a paper on Romeo and Juliet.
How we all equate the issues
in this text with our own lives.
Our own star-crossed love.
How our parents just don't get us.
But have any of you
actually ever considered
that this might be a clandestine
book based on foreign policy?
I give you the Cold War
in iambic pentameter.
Two houses alike in dignity,
Russia, America.
Their children, Kennedy, Khrushchev,
are forced to clean up the mess
left by their ignorant, selfish parents.
Mercutio dies. America nukes
are discovered in Turkish soil.
Romeo slays Tybalt down,
the bay of pigs.
And, I mean, this--
this is the ending. The ending.
And I mean if--if the nukes had flown--
I mean, this would have
been our very own ending.
I mean, Romeo would have been just
dead and Juliet would have been dead.
Life is hard when you
don't know who you are.
It's harder when you
don't know what you are.
My love carries a death sentence.
l was lost for years,
searching, while hiding,
only to find that I belong to
a world hidden from humans.
I won't hide anymore.
I will live the life I choose.
Look, my daughter's in hospital
and the doctors don't know
what's wrong with her.
Someone gave her something--drugs.
There's a drug dealer at that school
and he needs to be dealt with.
Let me get you some water.
The doctor said something about--
about her brain activity.
Like, well, she can't
stop mumbling nonsense.
And even the
neurologist said that
he'd never seen anything
like it in all his years, anywhere.
What kind of drug can do that?
What's the name of your daughter?
--Beverly.
--And the school?
East Lake.
Mr. Garner, go spend some
time with your daughter.
I've got enough here to get started.
Thank you.
Hey.
Hey, you're back.
Oh, hey, Nadia.
Hey.
Come on in.
[LAUREN] Well, you were right
about that car, it's a gas-guzzler.
Yeah. Yeah, she certainly
sucks it back, huh?
Thanks. How was the trip?
Beautiful. The food, the air, our room.
The lake was magnificent.
What we saw of it.
Supen
--It rained one day.
--I loved that day.
So, how about you?
How are you doing?
Good. I've been busy.
You know, things have been busy.
--Busy's good.
--Yeah, it's good to be busy.
[knocking]
--Hey.
Am I interrupting anything?
--No.
Well, what's up?
A girl's father came to see me.
I thought maybe you could help.
Oh, yeah, sure. Yeah. Excuse us.
Welcome back.
It's a human.
She had a complete
neurological shutdown.
It's like her brain just stopped working.
She's sixteen.
She's a kid.
--Fae related?
--Could be.
She's still in |.C.U., but the doctors
think it's some kind of drug.
Just nothing they've ever seen before.
The Ash wants us to check it out.
Whatever you need me to do.
Go undercover... in high school.
Oh, no, except that.
Oh, no, no, I didn't do great with
sixteen-year-old girls when l was sixteen.
You think I'm going to do any better?
Oh, sad wolfie eyes, huh?
Chris Martin hair.
Other girls could be in trouble.
Okay, fine, I'm in.
Good. How are you at English lit?
Needs improvement.
That's what you're
going to be teaching.
No, I cannot do Jane Austen again.
That's what I said when I left England.
What?
Is there anything that
I could do to help?
Yes, actually.
Can you check this girl's
medical files for me?
Consider it done.
|'|| just--|'|| drop Nadia
off and then I'm all yours.
I'll get back to you as
soon as I know anything.
Thanks.
Well, if it is drugs, these kids
are not going to narc to a teacher.
True.
So, who do we know
who speaks teenager?
Hola, bee-atches.
What? Do |--do l have
maple syrup on my mouth?
[bell]
Okay, Kenzi, are you sure
you know what to do?
Unleash all this coolio
onto the student population.
Oh, honey, they're going to be
printing my face onto T-shirts by lunch.
God.
[chatter]
[STUDENT] Some serious teacher.
Hello.
My--my name is...
Miss...
Well, you know what?
Why don't you just call me Bo?
l'm filling in for Ms. Phelps.
So, what have we been learning?
--Yes?
--Shakespeare. Romeo and Juliet.
Excellent. It's my... it's my favourite.
So... we have two houses,
they are sworn enemies.
Got Romeo...
...and Juliet.
Yes?
Who's Ryan?
[laughing]
[BO] Oh, oh, god.
[STUDENT] Fail.
I'll just... get this off of here.
You know what? Change of plans.
L-Let's park the romance for awhile.
Let's talk about something more today.
[STUDENT] This is going
to be a good class.
Okay, um...
...the fascinating world of
werewolves, fact or fiction? Yeah.
[laughing]
[STUDENTS] Yeah!
Whoa, she's acting all crazy
and it's not even Prom.
How long has this been going on?
Maybe since, like, mid-terms.
I don't know, before that.
Look, I don't even know,
I'm just really, really confused.
You're confused.
It's okay.
Look, I've heard about some
strange behaviour at this school.
You know anything about it?
See, that's what I'm
talking about, dude.
It's like one second, Jenny's
all flirting, flirting, flirting with me
and then the next,
she's acting like I ran over Drake.
Who's Drake?
The rapper.
Oh.
That's not quite the erratic
behaviour I was asking you about.
Okay. Okay. Then you explain it. P.M.S.?
Yeah, probably.
What about drugs?
Any new drugs on the scene?
Love. Love is a drug.
You really got to get over this girl.
But I love her.
No, you don't.
How do you know?
Hundreds of years of experience.
Look, kid, you're seventeen, you don't
even know how young you are yet.
Just go out, play the field,
have fun, make love, be crazy.
--Are you sure?
--Yes. |t'll do you good.
Right. Right.
Thanks, man.
Hola, chiquitas!
Could you please direct me to your source
of desperately-needed caffeination?
Is that ensemble trying to share
some childhood trauma with the world?
Excuse me?
You heard me, bitch.
Oh, wow. We're already at bitch.
Ah, well, it's very nice to meet you,
Heather, Heather, and Heather.
--What?
--Cult film, circa 1988.
Your fashion sense, meet 2011.
And why don't you
take those clown shoes
back to whatever hobo
you stole them off of
and stop trying to mix
outside your social circle.
You did not just insult the boots.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, honey, it's about to get real.
Listen, you're new here,
so I don't want to come down too
hard on your teaching methods,
but you can't just teach
anything you like.
Stick with Romeo and Juliet.
Well, l was just trying to stay
away from any discussion
involving hormonal teenagers.
Not to mention death and drugs.
Especially with everything that's
been going on at this school.
What exactly are you implying?
The girl who collapsed
in my class, Beverly.
Word is she was on some
pretty heavy-duty study drug.
You're here as a
substitute for a few days.
Stick with the chosen curriculum and
let me handle the student population.
[knocking]
Had to pull this miscreant
off one of my girls.
Wait outside, l'll deal
with you in a minute.
We done here?
What happened?
The chic clique didn't appreciate
my accessorizaton skills.
Especially when I tried to pierce
Heather number one's nose with a pen.
You're supposed to be fitting in.
[DYSON] Hey.
Did you guys get anything yet?
A lecture from the vice principal and
twenty-seven invitations to the dance.
--One delivered by soliloquy.
--Oh, nice.
--You?
--A fist bump. Kenz, you?
Well, l was attacked by rabid muffies,
manhandled by Coach Bitchy-Butch,
and I got detention.
We are not getting very far, are we?
Teen angst--our greatest foe.
You said it, sister.
Hi.
No sign of anything at the school?
Nothing I could mark.
Well, if Snoopy here
can't sniff anyone out,
then there must not be any
Fae at the school, right?
No. I can't detect any Fae
who haven't hit puberty yet.
You're kidding.
Chemically, their lack of hormonal
change makes detection impossible.
Fae puberty happens anywhere
between the ages of eleven and sixteen,
just like humans.
I did, however, get access
to Beverly's medical records
and prelusive blood tests indicate she
was definitely infected by something Fae.
--Can you tell what kind?
--|t's nothing I've seen before.
I'm running a search on my database
to see if something sticks, but...
I know.
We need to find out what
kind of Fae are at the school.
--Yeah.
--Well, it's just a couple of Akvans.
Nothing capable of this.
I spoke to the Ash.
Akvan? What's an Akvan?
Well, in layman's terms, dumb Fae.
They mature slower than most.
Think I dated an Akvan once.
I thought it was only because
I was adopted by humans
that I went to human school.
It's common practice to place
Fae children into the school system
so they can study human
ways and learn how to fit in.
It would have been nice to know
why I was such an outsider.
I know.
We are going to have
to do this the hard way.
Torture the popular girls?
For information.
That, too.
Question the infants, great.
I think I've got to stay
away from Las Mean Girls,
I mean, unless you guys want
some broken Plastics on your hands.
Just try and fit in somewhere, okay?
Actually, you're not allowed to do that.
--Why not?
--Bishops don't go that way.
Because of their religion?
--What's your name, anyway?
--Earl.
That's a great name.
Very redneck grandpa.
So, Earl, what do you think of Beverly
going all Beautiful Mind
and collapsing in class?
What a total waste case, huh?
Okay.
Knights don't move diagonally.
What's next, no body checking?
I think it was stress.
Yeah, well, it must be hard to keep up
with the mocha cappuccino slut squad.
Yeah, and straight A's are barely
enough for a second-rate college.
I can't really picture having the
stress of an athletic scholarship, too.
Sometimes, pressure drives
people to do stupid things.
Earl, are you telling me that
the rah-rahs are doping?
[cell phone ringing]
That's my dad. I have to run.
Play again tomorrow?
Yeah, sure.
Bye. Good game.
Cool. Human Jenga.
No! I'm not going up there,
that isn't right.
|t's wrong. Completely and
utterly and totally wrong.
Why? You need a solid polygonal
base and a triangular face
to meet at a common point.
What is wrong with you people?
You're never going to culminate
into a single apex that way!
Miss? Anything I can
do for extra credit?
Lobster dinner, back rub.
Oh, I...
Lauren, I'm kidding.
Right.
What you got there?
Whatever this Fae drug is
that's infecting these kids,
it contains traces of embryonic tissue.
What, like Fae eggs?
Maybe.
So, instead of looking for
a needle in a haystack,
we're looking for what, a nest?
Thank you.
Bo?
About the other day
when Nadia and I came by,
she's not usually so
public with her affections.
Yeah, it's okay.
Just--l'm having a hard time...
...hiding so much from her.
Yeah, I bet.
I want to tell her the truth but
how do I explain any of this to her?
Our lives are complicated, Lauren.
[KENZI] Gold star for Kenzi.
Hi, Lauren.
One of the cheerleaders
started shrieking.
--Yeah, they do that.
--No, no, no.
I mean she totally freaked out about
the integrity of their lame-ass pyramid
not being structurally
sound or something.
It was all number,
fraction, garble, garble,
then she collapsed just like Beverly.
I better get all the student files.
I don't want to be playing
catch-up if this thing spreads.
So, that's two intellectual rants
and both Beverly and
this girl were cheerleaders.
Yeah. And you remember that
crazy coach from Dickerson's office?
Time bomb, right?
Also, a little birdie told me
that they might be doping
in order to get an athletic scholarship.
Well, then I think it's time for me
and Miss Curls Are For Girls
to have a little pow-wow.
Yes.
Hey, babe. Where were you?
Oh, hey. Well, ljust had to
drop something off for Bo.
Why are you working with her?
Well, she's kind of a co-worker.
Come on, let's do something.
Let's go somewhere fun.
Yeah, like where?
I don't know, like that
other lab of yours.
Make love by the light
of a Bunsen burner.
Oh, I would love to do that, but I really,
I do have to finish this.
Aw, come on. You're no fun.
Come on.
Nadia, there is so much that I haven't...
...you know, I haven't figured
out about this case and |...
You know, you haven't
picked up your camera in ages.
Why don't you take some
pictures of something? Hm?
Sure, babe.
Come on, give me something
provocative. Pull up your hair.
Yeah, that is not what I meant.
God, Lauren, you're so beautiful.
Come here, come here. Come here,
come on, just humour me, humour me.
Oh, it's gorgeous.
It's beautiful.
Yeah, okay, stay there. Stay there.
Don't move. Don't move.
Look at me. Look... beautiful.
Oh, that's great.
Okay, hold on. Hold on.
Let's just make this photo
shoot a little more interesting.
Make these pictures
a little more beautiful.
That's the old Lauren I remember.
You know...
...l really--| really
should get back to work.
Excuse me.
Can I ask you a couple of questions?
I'm kind of in the middle of a set.
Beverly and the other cheerleader,
any idea what happened to them?
And what's your interest in my girls?
Something put them
both in the hospital.
I'm sure the situation is
being handled appropriately.
Yeah, see, I'm just not so sure that
you're handling them appropriately.
The doctors are
speculating it was drugs.
You think I gave them something?
I do now.
You're in way over your head, honey.
Yeah? Well, that's just where I like it.
--Is that a threat?
--Yeah. Why not?
Pretty little thing. I bet you
had all the boys after you, huh?
I bet they were all terrified of you.
Big mistake, teach.
A few of my cheerleaders were
trying out for athletic scholarships.
I helped a little.
--Steroids?
--Small amounts. Unnoticeable.
I bet they noticed. Anything else?
Very low doses of diuretics
to keep their weight down.
I thought I was helping.
They're just kids. They look up to you.
You have to take that as
seriously as your workouts.
Whatever you're giving
them stops right now.
For sure.
Don't make me come back here.
I love you.
Yeah, I know.
Hey, don't forget your
lunch there, buddy.
So, where you off to in such a hurry?
Trying to intersect the path of
a girl so it actually looks natural.
Well, you should focus
on your studying, not girls.
She's different. We play chess.
Yeah? Is she any good?
She's terrible.
I may love her, though.
Girls like smart guys.
Go get 'em, tiger.
Ready to play?
Stoked.
--Was that your dad?
--Yeah.
--He drive you to school every day?
--Uh huh.
Must be nice.
It is. I never got to spend
much time with him before.
--Before what?
--A couple of months ago.
I made the school's
Reach for the Top team and
I think he gets a kick out of it.
We're in the regional finals.
Quiz show geek and a chess master.
You the bomb, Earl.
Vice Principal Dickerson
put the team together,
picked me and two of
my buddies to be on it.
We've never lost.
You're proud. I can dig that.
Well, I've put in a lot
of hard work lately.
I scored a few A's. Now everyone
seems happier and...
it really seems to
help with the ladies.
Ahh!
What the Earl are you doing?
Sorry. I thought--
W-Why would you do that?
Okay.
It was one of those fairly quick,
but wet and slobbery ones,
you know, like when you're
kissing a puppy with the flu.
Slobbery can be nice.
I'm sorry, Miss Succubus, when was
the last time you had to kiss the horny,
gooey, lord of the chess board, huh?
I mean, clearly, his fame has
gone to his little head, as well.
How's that?
Well, he's been doing really
great for a few months,
so Dickerson made him and
his buddies members of this
winning brain trust or something.
Huh, interesting.
I'm still in post-traumatic kiss
syndrome. What's interesting?
Well, Dickerson puts together
a team of recent geniuses.
Beverly freaks out spouting Shakespeare
and Sarah blows a gasket over math.
You're saying it's the evil
vice principal, aren't ya?
Nobody ever likes the vice principal.
Okay. You go check on his potency.
I'll be in the little girl's room
chewing on a bar of soap. Okay?
Hey, teach.
Wha... What? What are you doing here?
It's nice to see you, too.
Hey, looking for a
date to the big dance.
Ha, ha. Very funny.
Actually, it's more the after-party
that interests me.
The whole dance-corsage thing,
I think it's just foreplay, right?
--We|l, I wouldn't know about that.
--The after-party? Oh, come on!
|t's when you lose your cherry
to your very special first love.
You really have to go.
I promise you I will be
better than your first time.
--No fumbling.
--|'m serious.
Am I hitting a nerve here?
--Look. Some people,
--Oh!
they're just not meant
to be with each other.
No, it's that some people
think too much.
Listen, there is a part of you
that needs to be explored.
You need to let it out. Just embrace it.
I like you. ljust--
I don't like that I like you.
I can work with that. Yeah.
What's Ryan Lambert doing here?
Well, no, he's--|'ve handled it. It's fine.
He's Dark Fae, Bo. He has no
business being involved in this.
He doesn't. |t's personal.
Well, you are unaligned.
You can do what you want.
I wasn't asking for your permission.
[bell]
I thought Earl really liked me,
but that he was just shy.
And then I find out that he's
making out with other girls.
And this is strange
behaviour for this Earl?
Yes. He just changed out of nowhere.
What do you think caused it?
Hello. Obviously...
...it was me.
Look, it's not you, it's him.
What if he was my soul mate?
Does anybody have any real
problems at this school?
Look, you're a beautiful,
obviously sensitive young woman.
You're going to find
another mate for your soul.
Okay?
You have a girlfriend?
No.
Want one?
Yeah, okay. I get it.
I didn't mean it like that.
I'm very proud of the
team I put together.
I understand they're doing very well.
The school has never had
this kind of success.
The esteem we received for getting
into the regional finals is priceless.
It must be nice for you, too.
Meaning?
Well, the team's transformation has been
rather remarkable, wouldn't you say?
A testament to diligence
and hard work.
I'm just concerned about the amount of
pressure being put on these students.
Look, I've invested a lot of
personal time tutoring these boys
and their families are appreciative.
--I understand.
--Do you have any idea
what these kids are up against?
The cost of a college education?
Winning this competition
could mean scholarships.
|'m meeting with their parents tomorrow
to discuss college applications.
So, I'm sorry if I'm eager to see
my team's efforts rewarded.
Don't you have a class waiting?
Hey.
Salutations.
What are you doing?
Euclidian geometry.
--Excuse me?
--Shh. |t's due tomorrow.
Ah... Kenzi, you're
undercover as a student.
You don't actually have
to do the homework.
But I'm good at it.
Did you know that you can actually make
a function out of essentially anything
over a period of time?
Not only that, but historically
speaking, Euclid's axioms seem so
intuitively obvious that any theorem
proved from them was deemed true
in an absolute, often
metaphysical sense.
Doesn't that just blow your mind?
Oh, it's totally blowing my mind.
Yeah, that's what I'm afraid of.
Some modern treatments
add a sixth postulate,
the rigidity of the triangle, which can be
used as an alternative to superposition.
Oh, no, don't tell me.
I think Kenzi's been infected by
the same thing as the others.
For over two thousand years, they
didn't even call it Euclidean geometry.
Just geometry, 'cause there was no other
kind. Kind of like Italian food in Italy.
What are we going to do? I mean,
I can practically hear her brain boiling.
Don't worry. I've got some good news.
I've made some progress.
According to my tests, whatever it was
that infected those two cheerleaders
follows a curve. At first,
there's increased brain function,
that's the stage that Kenzi's in now.
But after awhile, the substance
expands to overwhelm the human brain.
That's good news?
The more that we know about this thing,
the closer we are to stopping it.
[BO] Well, how long did it
take before Beverly lost it?
--[LAUREN] Two days.
--[BO] Two days?
[LAUREN] I know. I'm hoping that
we can do better than that for Kenzi
with the help of sedation.
--This is incorrect.
--No, no, Kenzi. No, no! No.
You had that saved, right?
It doesn't matter, it was
based on a false hypothesis.
You assumed that the infectious
agent could only bind to D.N.A.
using standard transcription factors.
She's right. No, no, she's right.
The Ash's file showed the Fae
students in the school are all Akvans.
But what if somebody gave them
something to make them smarter.
That would explain the
supercoiling of the D.N.A. Hello.
But how did the Akvans infect
the cheerleaders and Kenzi?
Any number of ways.
Most likely somehow orally.
But I'll need the source
of the infection.
Okay, I'm on it. Take care of Kenzi.
Okay, but Bo, Bo!
Whatever this thing is, we have to stop
it before it spreads beyond the school
because if we don't,
it could quite literally infect--
Everyone, everywhere. I got it.
Bo.
I heard about Kenzi.
Yeah. Lauren says that
she can find an antidote
if we can locate the
source of the infection.
--What are you thinking?
--Dickerson. He is hiding something.
He put together an academic team that
went to the regionals out of nowhere.
Even if Dickerson is
involved, he's not Fae.
There's no way he could have infected
these kids without someone's help.
How does Lauren say it's spreading?
Orally. Kenzi must have--
What? Kissed someone?
Of the horny chess player variety.
I know someone who
fits that description.
[gaSPS]
--Earl, right?
--Please don't hurt me.
You kissed Sarah and Beverly?
Yeah, but it was nothing.
I mean, I found someone else now.
Kenzi. And you kissed her, too.
--How'd you know that?
--Because they're all sick, Earl,
--thanks to you.
--Kenzi's sick? How?
Your grades have improved
dramatically in the last few months.
What are you on, Earl?
Nothing. I'm just working harder.
You want to help Kenzi,
you think harder.
What's changed in your
routine? What's new?
I've been getting up earlier to review my
homework while my dad makes me lunch.
What does he make you?
Show me. Show me!
What does this have
to do with the girls?
Eggs.
My dad says I need the protein.
--Where's your dad now?
--He's with Dickerson.
They're talking about my
college applications.
Let's go.
Hello?
What do you think you're doing?
I could ask you the same thing.
I'm calling security.
I know about your team.
Earl and his buddies,
they're all Akvans, aren't they?
You infected them and created
your own little genius pool.
What are you talking about?
Or are you just living out your desire
for notoriety through your kids?
No.
Get out, Dickerson.
Jed, what's the problem?
Get out!
I would listen to the
man with the hammer.
Who the hell are you?
I like your little friend.
Attractive accessory.
I heard what you said.
What are you trying to do to my boy?
You're Earl's father? You and
Dickerson are drugging your son?
No!
No. He thinks he just stumbled on
a goldmine of smart kids, that's all.
--We're fine with that.
__IIWeII?
Yeah, me and the other fathers.
The rest of the quiz team.
We are just so sick and
tired of being second-rate.
This is a chance for my Earl
and for the other kids
to change the course of Akvans forever.
By artificially increasing
their intelligence?
Forcing them to be
something that they're not?
Well, if it gives him a better
life than the rest of us,
then I really don't care how it happens.
What are you pumping into your son?
That is none of your business!
Take it easy, big man, just take it easy.
He's spreading it to
the human population.
Yeah, humans? Who cares?
What about when your kids
find out, huh? What then?
Well, they'll never find out,
not from you.
What are you giving your son?
Dad! Don't hurt him, please.
What are you doing here, Earl?
I know what you did to me.
Whatever he said is a lie.
You let me believe I'm
better because of hard work.
Hard work only takes
people like us so far.
How could you do it, Dad? Huh?
--Look, |-| just wanted--
--What?
Have me think I'm something I'm not?
Have me be the smart
kid you always wanted?
I mean, look where you are, son.
You look how things have
changed for the better.
Was I so bad before?
I mean, couldn't you just
love me the way that l was?
How could you ever think that, hm?
I could never not love you.
Come here.
I'm sorry.
This is what made them smarter?
A Simurgh is the symbol
of divinity and wisdom.
It was said to have raised an
abandoned child to be a brilliant man.
He gained his intelligence
from the consumption of the eggs.
Talk about a study aid.
Except the use of them
is strictly prohibited.
The Akvans broke a
very serious Fae law.
So, they'll be punished.
To a point. Being a parent isn't easy.
There ought to be a license
required to raise children.
There's no magic formula.
[laughing]
[EARL] You're really good at this game.
I take it she's back to normal?
Yeah. Normal for Kenzi.
Lauren was able to develop
a cure when she knew the source.
She got it to Sarah and
Beverly just in time.
Uh uh. Uh. Actually, you can't do that.
---Why not?
--Well, 'cause it's against the...
You know what? Go right ahead.
My horse just totally
smashed your castle.
I told you this game was way
better with body checking.
You're letting me win
'cause I'm stupid again?
Don't think that way.
Besides you--you've a
lot of good qualities.
You know, you're patient
and you don't judge people.
Thick head of hair, too.
Whoa! Whoa, whoa! That is not
code for "take another lunge at me."
Oh, okay.
Besides, you haven't even
seen my next move yet.
I am going to take these two guys
and I'm going to smash your
helmet guy right in between them.
--Oh, man.
--How do you like that?
I totally didn't see that coming.
Yeah.
| get the need for closure,
I do, but I meant what I said.
This isn't going to work.
l have no expectations.
Where are you taking me?
Just give me two minutes of your time.
Oh. Wow.
Thought you could use a good high
school memory, so I made you one.
Yeah, not bad.
That is what I like to hear.
For someone else.
Look, Ryan, I appreciate everything
that you've done for me
and some woman is going
to find you utterly irresistible.
--Thank you.
--But--
--But?
--But it's complicated.
Complicated? Why? Why?
We're not star-crossed lovers.
We're just two kind of amazing
people who really like each other.
[music]
Want to dance?
You know, I never went to Prom.
ReaHy?
I hear it's all about the
after-party, anyway.
Ah.
I don't think we're going
to make our curfew.
That was amazing.
I'm going to hop in the shower.
You want to come?
In a minute. I'll be right up.
Okay.